---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "omni_cluster_kubeconfig Resource - omni"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Omni cluster kubeconfig definition.
---

# omni_cluster_kubeconfig (Resource)

Omni cluster kubeconfig definition.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "omni_cluster_kubeconfig" "example" {
  cluster = "my-cluster"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (String) Name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `groups` (List of String) Groups to use for generated kubeconfig.
- `user` (String) User to use for generated kubeconfig.

### Read-Only

- `clusters` (Attributes List) Clusters defined in kubeconfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters))
- `contexts` (Attributes List) Clusters defined in kubeconfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--contexts))
- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String) Name (ID) of cluster that kubeconfig belongs to.
- `last_updated` (String)
- `users` (Attributes List) Clusters defined in kubeconfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))
- `yaml` (String) Returned kubeconfig in YAML.

<a id="nestedatt--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (Attributes) Kubernetes cluster information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--cluster))
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.cluster`

Read-Only:

- `server` (String) Endpoint for Kubernetes cluster.



<a id="nestedatt--contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contexts`

Read-Only:

- `context` (Attributes) A context associated with kubeconfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--contexts--context))
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--contexts--context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contexts.context`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (String) Kubernetes cluster associated with context.
- `namespace` (String) Default namespace for context.
- `user` (String) Authenticated user associated with context.



<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `user` (Attributes) User information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--user))

<a id="nestedatt--users--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.user`

Read-Only:

- `token` (String) Token used by user to authenticate to Kubernetes cluster.
